Tree view (#2277)
cap-js/docs: advanced/fiori.md

## Hierarchical Tree Views

> Recursive hierarchies are parent-child hierarchies: each entity references its parent and through that defines the hierarchical structure. A common example is a company organization structure or HR reporting, where each employee entity references another employee as a direct report or manager.

Reviewer: Hierarchies are hierarchies :)

may be
```suggestion
Recursive hierarchies are parent-child related structures
```
?

Author: This section comes from the original tree view docu by the runtimes, haven't touched it.
I don't care if we give an explanation or not -> @renejeglinsky to decide

```

Configure the TreeTable in UI5's _manifest.json_ file:

```jsonc
  "sap.ui5": { ...
    "routing": { ...
      "targets": { ...
        "GenresList": { ...
          "options": {
            "settings": { ...
              "controlConfiguration": {
                "@com.sap.vocabularies.UI.v1.LineItem": {
                  "tableSettings": {
                    "hierarchyQualifier": "GenresHierarchy", // [!code focus]
                    "type": "TreeTable" // [!code focus]
                  }
                }
              }
            }
          }
        },
      },
    },
```

> Note: construct the `hierarchyQualifier` with the following pattern: <br>
> `<entity name in service>Hierarchy`

You can now start the server with `cds watch` and see the hierarchical tree view in action in the [_Browse Genres_](http://localhost:4004/fiori-apps.html#Genres-display) app.

![Fiori UI with hierarchical tree view.](assets/hierarchical-tree-view.png) {style="filter: drop-shadow(0 2px 5px rgba(0,0,0,.40));"}

The compiler automatically expands the shortcut annotation `@hierarchy` to the
following annotate and extend statements. If you cannot use the `@hierarchy` annotation,

> e.g. because you only have an unmanaged parent association, you can write them yourself.

Reviewer 2: I understand that the following is the the manual approach. Maybe we spent a heading for this?

```suggestion
The compiler automatically expands the shortcut annotation `@hierarchy` to the
following annotate and extend statements. 

### With Unmanaged Association

If you cannot use the `@hierarchy` annotation,
for example, because you only have an unmanaged parent association, you can write them yourself as follows:
```
